Similarly your location is changed basis
business requirement and Chandan
told you to take some time from him to
shift to another location that time is
discussion you and him he gave you that time
but the movement happens because of
business requirement and that is
appointment letter clause even if
company wants Basant Kolkata you do
n't need it now you have to go to Delhi
so I will have to go and do it so
I can't say I can't do it
okay sir I am saying one thing I mean what
you are saying in terms and conditions there is no
such thing that means at least
employee should be informed that
I want to go in advance maybe when was it informed to
me after approval after
approval you see the date Chandan did Chandan
call you that you are going now that you are
not in Barrampur location you
understand the matter the matter is that I am
So at least ask me first if I want to
go if I have a requirement
then I should let you know at least once
before giving approval maybe after approval I was
told this is clear understand one thing that this is
extra business requirement I gave you my own
example that I was
told this morning that you now have to see this whole
thing you will
not see the health agency again you have to
see the emerging piece I was told this morning and if if this requires me to shift
to
another location I will shift to another
location that is extra business
requirement if I think I ca
n't go to the location then I have to take
my own call the company will do as per
business requirement and that is
recorded in the appointment letter
you are told after the sandalwood transfer is in the system
that you have to
Shift to another, what you
are saying about rules and regulations is correct, I
agree, but what I am talking about is that
when I joined a company, I did
not join as a Kharakpur branch,
so now you are
saying that as an appointment letter, that is totally okay, but my
situation is that it has gone a long way,
this time there will be no salary increase,
I also want to
know about the same salary, see what increase I have, I
used to see a very small vertical, now I
see a very big vertical, so what can I say, raise
my salary, it does not happen like that, so
consider the business requirement, after six months they will
tell me that you have to sit in Mumbai,
I can't go and raise my salary, that does not happen, that is not the
process, okay, sir, I
see that the performance appraisal happens, I understand
your confusion, I am removing the
salary increase, it will happen only at the
time of performance appraisal.  To Esper your
performance Second location transfer
Vertical transfer Role transfer
Can happen any time Esper business
requirement So this is something that the
process is Look at me Go see my
first two things I have already
sent you in the mail that why it is not possible for me
I have already sent it so
I think you should see that concern
Now you tell me what does it mean if I can't go
Tell me what can happen here I have
requested we we have made Esper
business requirement We have a
manper budget in each location So now
your cost center is now in Berhampur
location Let me tell you one thing
Our BSG work which we have
from our Kharakpur branch
Contai your Durgapur Even sometimes
if someone is on leave we can do his work
from any location Okay so we can
operate any location from any location so for that  I just can't find the
logic of being physically involved in the location. The
logic you have is that as per
appointment letter I also
couldn't say that if there is
some work here I will look after the emerging
but I will look after this or I will
not go to Mumbai I will look after the work from here I am because
my family is here so you join an
organization you are given an
appointment letter before offer
letter appointment letter
right hum right you are supposed to confirm that this is the
process and if you can
work as per this process but I am already doing a
corporate sector job in
Shriram Insurance ok but there has never been anything like this
I have worked there for over five
years there has never been anything like that suddenly I don't
know there it didn't happen there it didn't happen
there that doesn't happen in the other
organization  Okay, many
companies have many rules. Okay, sir. I agree with what you
say.
Yes, okay. I
have read your letter. Okay. I agree with everything. Now
tell me one thing. I totally agree with what you say.
Okay. That can change. But if
an employee is
seen as a family member, then at least he should be informed. I
mean, even if he is sent, it was done without approval.
No.
After approval, when it is reflected in my system
that Durgapur branch has been created,
then I can call and find out. I can
call and find out. He didn't call me either. I didn't even receive
any mail. Look,
Shahin Chandan didn't even know when I
ran the system. When that trigger happens,
Chandan will know. Maybe he would have called you after some
time. It's good that you
called him. And he informed you. And he didn't tell you that
you should go to Veerabpur right now. Has he said that? That's not it. Well,
yours.  Does the
contract of the appointment letter mean that
who actually took the decision? I mean,
who has this decision? Actually, in this
transfer, the requirements that are this is this is as per
business requirements.
As far as I think, see if he has taken it. That is not
your look out. My look out will be for
this reason because three and a half
months ago, I mailed someone on behalf of someone
that bad behavior
and physical abuse were done to me. I am fine with it. So,
I think most likely that he is the one who did this on
my behalf so that
I somehow quit the job. My already-ready
Piya Saha was the HR at that time.
I mailed him to me. Is this related to
physical abuse? Does this mean physical abuse is related
to me? I mean, work related. He made
me feel a little angry, so
then I said that I will
not be able to work.  What happened to you? You
raised your hand on me and went to throw me out of the office. It's
okay. And that was stopped.
Otherwise, I would have died that day. I
left the office that day and mailed it to
me. After mailing it, even don't relate this with any
disciplinary thing that happened before. This is not
interlinked. Now, if you want to put it yourself,
I didn't tell you the whole story. But
listen, you've probably come to Piya Shah's
place. Piya Shah
knows everything. I was told that next
time nothing like this will happen in the office. I was promised.
I joined. But let me tell you, the same
thing happened to me again. I even have a
recording. I recorded
everything. But I didn't
give the recording to anyone. The reason is that
Chandan Da told me that there is no point in doing this. I want to do it
my way. But I have
seen for a long time that bad behavior is
very common here and everyone supports it.
I just realized that
I have not gained anything in this company.  On the contrary, I am being
transferred now. I should have given you proof. I have proof already. If
you want, I can give it to you now. I should have
given you proof then. Then why do
I still want to give it? I can still give it to you.
Even two days ago, your regular office does
not open at the right time. I have a
recording of the office not opening.
When I want to come to the office, there is no office
timing. It is not right. I am the
only one who is in the office at the right time.
This is Syan. I am saying that you said that I
raised a complaint three months ago.
After raising the complaint three months ago, the next incident that
happened did not happen three months ago. It is
recent. I did not tell you that
because I thought that I did not want to cause so much trouble.
Why did you not tell me? I did not tell you because the company
never supported anything. It did not do it then. It did not do it yet.
What did the company do? Tell me why are you
raising it now. Syan. I
want to do it now because what is happening to me now that I am being
transferred.
I think that this is an every and every thing.  The
planning is okay, I don't think it's
completely sure, I'm planning it, so
now I have to tell you that I have the
recordings that I have, if you want to raise, if you want to raise, you have all the
rights to raise concerns that you have, you raise it, but this
transfer is happening
and you have to transfer, speak to
Chandan that when to do it, see what the
transfer is, I can't do it, to be sorry
to him, I have already told him, okay, now
you tell me what I can do, if
you say that yes, it's impossible to work here,
then there is only one way that
I have to leave the office, but
it's true that the trauma that came over my career, the marriage,
and the depression that
came into me, if anything happens to me, the
company will be responsible for that. I just
said this, to
give fasting and certain processes which the
company has delayed, so if anything
changes,  And if we don't say like this I wo
n't follow the process I won't follow the process
I silently accepted that bad behavior happened to me
My problem not my personal
business Also this is a job OK If that happened during that time Did you not raise already I am raised OK
My senior person already knows all of this But they didn't
take for higher
level Why you Why
if you had proof why didn't you race it
I already did race I have the mail I will give
you tell me who did you race
I already mailed Piya Saha
You said you said there is a video I
mean video I have a recording No video I
have a recording I mean video I have
that
video I have a regular one day or two days apart
What audio do you have I have
audio I have a recording Recording I
mean I was abused
Using slang language, there are all those
recordings and the branch manager did it.
Who uses it?
Who uses it? Branch Manager Chandra
Roy Kharakpur
Branch Chandra Roy Hmm What is the full name Chandra
Roy Chandrashekhar Roy Most likely but
reflected as Chandra Roy, Syan
understands two three things that if you want to raise a complaint
you raise it Hmm I am not saying don't raise it as an employee you have the right to raise a concern raise it
but the transfer is happening because
of business reason and you will have to get
transfer there in case you are not free to get
transfer you can take you can you have you
your own decision
see my decision is that rather see it
talk to him yes when
can you do the transfer on what date if I ca
n't do that  Tell me a little bit
what to do if I can't do it.
The company has told you
that you have to transfer if you don't get it. If you don't
transfer to a
new location, the company will initiate action from there.
Action for me. Okay,
I will also take action. I will also take action if you don't report. If you don't
report, I have already
reported it. Let me tell you.
A few days ago, there was an incident in
HDFC Bank. I remember that the
same thing happened to me. It was
worse than that. They didn't use slang there. It
happened here too. Actually, I am telling you what I am telling
you. If
this happens to me or to my agent,
I will resign. I don't care.
I don't want to work in a company
where they will take action on me. My
personal life is not mine. I can't go.
Okay, I don't have any agreement. No
one bought my life. Okay,
if you let me talk. Yes.  Tell me, tell me,
trying to say, is that if you have, if you have questions, if you have
problems, if something happened in the branch, you raise it
to me now, you mail me, okay, let me speak to who ever has done it, hum, right, okay,
that you have done it in the mail, forward
me that mail, hum, and let me quickly see what has happened, who has done it, and what has happened,
okay, and whoever did it, let
me speak to that person, it will
not be useful, sir, already,
these have been a long time, if maybe, if
I have proof, yes, okay,
if I have proof, give me, if the person has done it, he has to accept it, he has done it, hum, hum,
I am in the Berhampur bench, far
from here, it takes at least 12 hours,
hold on, if I go to you,
I will tell you something.  Let me tell you the reason, let me say this,
I live so far away,
okay, my salary is not so much that I
can go out and eat, it is
not at that level, so it is the same for me whether I do or not. The
biggest thing is that if I stay
here, whatever happens there will not happen. Do you
understand this?
Now tell me that I am so far away, it will take a 12-hour journey
just to go. If I never have a day off,
I will just go back and forth one day. So
my first thing is that I have
no personal life, your
location issue that you are talking about. Speak to
Chandan once. Okay, wait, I will get back to
you by evening. Until then, if you
want to raise that point of anger again that you
said in the call now, please forward me that mail along with the
recording. I did not want to raise it
because I want peace,
but I will be forced to raise it. If the
company behaves like this with me two days
ago, three months ago, just listen to you.
I am telling you the
case if your company  It is wrong that you
are asking me to transfer and then you will rest the point.
If you are
not telling me that you will be transferred, then
I cannot fully support this either. Please, please, let me complete it quickly. You understand. I am trying to set. I am trying to set.
If you think that
something has gone wrong with you, you should
rest immediately. I have already done it. Wait. I did not do that for the
second time.
[Music]
I am in a
company
but I am very, very frustrated. Right now,
I don't think I can work here anymore
because of what is
going on in the Kharakpur branch. I don't think I can
work there. There is no question of going there
because I will go into depression. Mental depression.
If anything happens to me
because I am in mental depression, the
company will be at the full level. You are calling me and
telling me that you will forward that mail to me.
I will forward the mail to you.
My senior has been holding me back for a long time.  I didn't do
anything for his respect until now but now when I see that when
I am in danger everyone is raising their hands
when the company doesn't consider itself family then
why should I
consider the company as family it's my word
why should I put so much effort for the company the company is
not doing anything for me what is the company doing it's saying I
worked today he told me no no
need to make trouble okay I worked quietly
you can't blame me for any mistake in my work
that I couldn't do any wrong work
or anything or you can't do anything for these six months
I haven't received any yea for six months
okay confirmation hasn't come till now so
what can I do tell me what can I do I mean
good for a company my yea will be faith will be okay
sayen I heard you
forward that mail to me and the
location issue you have let me speak to
Chandan ok you don't tell me I will talk I am
talking ok okay tell me ok ok
thank you